Update gang-scheduling docs for beta promotion (#56636)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/gang-scheduling.md

Reviewer: I think we need to reconcile the idea of "all or nothing" with this: 
> The number of Pods created for the PodGroup (both already scheduled and unscheduled) is at least equal to `minCount`.

Right now these docs are likely to confuse at least some readers.

Author: Added a note to clarify the behavior:

> While the scheduler never admits fewer Pods than the configured `minCount` during initial placement, the actual runtime count of scheduled Pods can drop below this threshold if running Pods are later deleted or evicted, or if the `minCount` requirement increases. When this happens, the scheduler will only place additional Pods if the combined total of already scheduled Pods and newly feasible unscheduled Pods reaches or exceeds `minCount`.

Please let me know if this is what you had in mind

> 2. Once the quorum is met, the scheduler attempts to find placements for all Pods in the group.

Reviewer 2: NIT: We may want to clarify that scheduler attempts to find placement for all **unscheduled** pods in the group, while PlacementFeasible considers all pods (including already scheduled in the previous cycles)

Author: Updated with a note that minCount considers pods already scheduled in previous cycles in both PreEnqueue and PlacementFeasible.

> scheduler attempts to find placement for all unscheduled pods in the group

Also added this for contrast and to clarify that the scheduler won't reschedule pods that are already scheduled.

   It utilizes the [PodGroup scheduling](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/podgroup-scheduling/) cycle to make a single,
   atomic scheduling decision. The `GangScheduling` plugin implements a `PlacementFeasible` extension point that is evaluated for each

>    schedulable Pod during the cycle. This is used to determine whether the `minCount` constraint is satisfied

Reviewer 3: Also for unschedulable, right?
```suggestion
   atomic scheduling decision. The `GangScheduling` plugin implements a `PlacementFeasible` extension point that is evaluated for each
   Pod during the cycle. This is used to determine whether the `minCount` constraint is satisfied
```

Author: Updated to say "evaluated pod" rather than "schedulable pod"
